README.md, before:

# flask_restplus_jwt
Extension of Flask-JWT-Simple suitable for use with Flask-Restplus

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/USGS-CIDA/flask_restplus_jwt.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/USGS-CIDA/flask_restplus_jwt)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/USGS-CIDA/flask_restplus_jwt/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/USGS-CIDA/flask_restplus_jwt?branch=master)

The Flask-JWT-Simple documentation should be consulted for configuration information: http://flask-jwt-simple.readthedocs.io/en/latest/
In addition to the configuration parameters used in Flask-JWT-Simple, this extension adds
JWT_ROLE_CLAIM. This should be a function which takes a python dictionary representing the 
decoded token and returns the role string.

Below is an simple example of how to use the extension.

```python
from flask import Flask

from flask_restplus import Api, Resource
from flask_restplus_jwt import JWTRestplusManager, jwt_required, jwt_role_required

application = Flask(__name__)

application.config['JWT_SECRET_KEY'] = 'secret_key'
# You can also use the JWT_PUBLIC_KEY and set the appropriate JWT_ALGORITHM for the key.
# If needed you can set the expected audience claim with JWT_DECODE_AUDIENCE

def get_role (dict):
    return dict['role']
# JWT_ROLE_CLAIM is used by the flask_restplus_jwt extension to define the function which
# will retrieve the role from the decoded jwt token when using the jwt_role_required decorator.
application.config['JWT_ROLE_CLAIM'] = get_role

# This will add the Authorize button to the swagger docs
authorizations = {
    'apikey': {
        'type': 'apiKey',
        'in': 'header',
        'name': 'Authorization'
    }
}

api = Api(application,
          doc='/api',
          security='apikey', authorizations=authorizations)


# Setup the Flask-JWT-Simple extension
jwt = JWTRestplusManager(api, application)


@api.route('/endpoint')
class TestEndpoint(Resource):

    @api.response(401, 'Not authorized')
    @api.response(422, 'Invalid authorization token')
    @jwt_required
    def get(self):
        return "Successful"

@api.route('/role_endpoint')
class TestRoleProtectedEndPoint(Resource):

    @api.response(401, 'Not authorized')
    @api.response(422, 'Invalid authorization token')
    @jwt_role_required('admin')
    def get(self):
        return 'Successful'


if __name__ == '__main__':
    application.run()
```

Commit message:

Added an example of how to add dependency to requirements.txt

README.md, after:

# flask_restplus_jwt
Extension of Flask-JWT-Simple suitable for use with Flask-Restplus

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/USGS-CIDA/flask_restplus_jwt.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/USGS-CIDA/flask_restplus_jwt)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/USGS-CIDA/flask_restplus_jwt/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/USGS-CIDA/flask_restplus_jwt?branch=master)

The Flask-JWT-Simple documentation should be consulted for configuration information: http://flask-jwt-simple.readthedocs.io/en/latest/
In addition to the configuration parameters used in Flask-JWT-Simple, this extension adds
JWT_ROLE_CLAIM. This should be a function which takes a python dictionary representing the 
decoded token and returns the role string.

You can add this module as a requirement to your requirements.txt as follows:
```
git+https://github.com/USGS-CIDA/flask_restplus_jwt
```

Below is an simple example of how to use the extension.

```python
from flask import Flask

from flask_restplus import Api, Resource
from flask_restplus_jwt import JWTRestplusManager, jwt_required, jwt_role_required

application = Flask(__name__)

application.config['JWT_SECRET_KEY'] = 'secret_key'
# You can also use the JWT_PUBLIC_KEY and set the appropriate JWT_ALGORITHM for the key.
# If needed you can set the expected audience claim with JWT_DECODE_AUDIENCE

def get_role (dict):
    return dict['role']
# JWT_ROLE_CLAIM is used by the flask_restplus_jwt extension to define the function which
# will retrieve the role from the decoded jwt token when using the jwt_role_required decorator.
application.config['JWT_ROLE_CLAIM'] = get_role

# This will add the Authorize button to the swagger docs
authorizations = {
    'apikey': {
        'type': 'apiKey',
        'in': 'header',
        'name': 'Authorization'
    }
}

api = Api(application,
          doc='/api',
          security='apikey', authorizations=authorizations)


# Setup the Flask-JWT-Simple extension
jwt = JWTRestplusManager(api, application)


@api.route('/endpoint')
class TestEndpoint(Resource):

    @api.response(401, 'Not authorized')
    @api.response(422, 'Invalid authorization token')
    @jwt_required
    def get(self):
        return "Successful"

@api.route('/role_endpoint')
class TestRoleProtectedEndPoint(Resource):

    @api.response(401, 'Not authorized')
    @api.response(422, 'Invalid authorization token')
    @jwt_role_required('admin')
    def get(self):
        return 'Successful'


if __name__ == '__main__':
    application.run()
```
